README.md updates, main branch (#345)
single-cell-data/TileDB-SOMA: README.md

<a href="https://tiledb.com"><img src="https://github.com/TileDB-Inc/TileDB/raw/dev/doc/source/_static/tiledb-logo_color_no_margin_@4x.png" alt="TileDB logo" width="400"></a>

> [![TileDB-SingleCell CI](https://github.com/single-cell-data/TileDB-SingleCell/actions/workflows/ci.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/single-cell-data/TileDB-SingleCell/actions/workflows/ci.yml)

Author: @aaronwolen bad merge as noted above in comments from @bkmartinjr

<a href="https://tiledb.com"><img src="https://github.com/TileDB-Inc/TileDB/raw/dev/doc/source/_static/tiledb-logo_color_no_margin_@4x.png" alt="TileDB logo" width="400"></a>

> [![TileDB-SingleCell CI](https://github.com/single-cell-data/TileDB-SingleCell/actions/workflows/ci.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/single-cell-data/TileDB-SingleCell/actions/workflows/ci.yml)

Reviewer: shouldn't the repo name be `TileDB-SOMA`?

Author: yes @bkmartinjr must be a bad merge 👀

Reviewer: whew :exclamation:

> # TileDB-SingleCell

Reviewer: s/TileDB-SingleCell/TileDB-SOMA/g

A C++ library with APIs in Python and R for efficient storage and retrieval of single-cell data using [TileDB Embedded][tiledb].

> Note this branch, `main`, implements the [newer specfication](https://github.com/single-cell-data/SOMA/blob/main/abstract_specification.md).  Please also see the `main-old` branch which implements the [older specification](https://github.com/single-cell-data/TileDB-SOMA/blob/main-old/spec/specification.md).

Reviewer 2: Wording suggestion:

```suggestion
Note this branch, `main`, implements the [updated specfication](https://github.com/single-cell-data/SOMA/blob/main/abstract_specification.md).  Please also see the `main-old` branch which implements the [original specification](https://github.com/single-cell-data/TileDB-SOMA/blob/main-old/spec/specification.md).
```

# Language bindings and installation instructions

* [Python](https://github.com/single-cell-data/TileDB-SOMA/tree/main/apis/python)
* [R](https://github.com/single-cell-data/TileDB-SOMA/tree/main/apis/r)

> * [API documentation](https://tiledb-inc-tiledb-soma.readthedocs-hosted.com/en/latest/)

Reviewer 2: I think it might be confusing to link the original API docs from `main`

  * Note: these document the `main-old` branch; `main` docs are a WIP.

> # Issues and contacts

Reviewer: Recommend an explicit section for reporting security issues, as you usually do not want those filed as an open issue.

Here is what we use for most of our organization's repos:

```
# Reporting Security Issues
Please note: If you believe you have found a security issue, please responsibly disclose it by contacting [security@????.com](mailto:security@????.com).
```

Author: thanks @bkmartinjr ! let me find out our internal policy/POC for this

Author: updated
